Update iis.md (#150)
directus/docs: self-hosted/installation/iis.md

The URL Rewrite module can be downloaded from the
[Microsoft IIS website](https://www.iis.net/downloads/microsoft/url-rewrite).

## Environment variables

The `PORT` entry needs to be removed or disabled in the `.env` file to get Directus working on IIS.

```
# The port Directus will run on [8055]
# PORT=8055
```

> The `PUBLIC_URL` entry must match the site binding in IIS. Portnumber is optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `PUBLIC_URL` entry must match the site binding in IIS. Port number is optional.
```
